# MIN:A mutator for method call
 This .md explains this repository.
 
## MIN2025

* GetAllMethods.jar is used to parse the project by JavaParser.
* RemoveComment.jar is used to remove comment.
* GetAllMethodsDIC.py is used to obtain the hashmap of all methods.
* GenerateMutants.py is used to generate mutants.
* typeInference.py is used to get the type of tokens.
* importparser.py is used to parse the "import" statements in Java code.
* InheritanceAnalysis.py is used to get the ancestors of a class.
* JDKparser include the parser to obtain the HashMap in JDK (jdk-7fcf35286d52).  (This fold is removed and The result is stroed in "libraryPathDic.pkl" and "libraryTreeDic.pkl".)
* D4Jexperiment.py is used to run experiment for Defects4J. You should implement Defects4J first.
* Some paths (e.g., cwdpath,workpath) you should change them by youself.

## CodeBERT

* It includes the code to generate mutants by CodeBERT on method calls.

## DeepMutation

* It includes the code to generate mutants by DeepMutation.
* Please note that this is only a launcher for DeepMutation. You must first download DeepMutation in their repo. We suggest that you familiarize yourself with the DeepMutation repository tutorial first. Afterwards, if you conduct experiments on Defects4j, our script may be available for your reference.


## case-study

* It includes 7 cases in the discussion. For these cases, in ref[23], they found that the triggering test cases cannot kill any mutants generated by Major. But by MIN, at least 1 mutant erither fully replicate, subsuming or partially couple with the real fault.
* For example, "Time4Partial.java"= Project + bug ID + buggy class name, and all the MIN's mutants are stored in Time4.

